Bigswitch fabric driver 1.01 Configuration Notes

Velocity Switch Inventory Configuration
  1. Create a new driver and name it something like "L2 Bigswitch".
     1.1 Choose the di_bigswitch_fabric_driver.itar as the Driver package.
  2. Create a new driver and name it something like "L2 Emulated"
     2.1 Choose the Upload the emulated L2 switch driver to Velocity.  Name it something like "L2 Emulated"
  4. Create a port template named "Virtual Shared".  Only property is "portNumber", setting is "shared" (not exclusive)
  5. Create a device template for leaf switches, using a "Layer 2 Switch" as a the parent Example "Dell Leaf Switch"
     5.1 Set the driver to use "L2 Bigswitch"
     5.2 Set the following default values in the template
     	5.2.1  ipAddress : IP or hostname of Bigswitch Fabric controller
     	5.2.2  username: username for Bigswitch Fabric controller (admin rights)
     	5.2.3  password: password for Bigswitch Fabric controller 
     5.2 Add a port group named "Virtual", and add one port named "virtual" of type "Virtual Shared"
     5.3 Add a port group named "Ethernet", but don't add any ports to the template
     5.4 DO NOT add the ports that connect to the spine. Those connections are handled by the "virtual" port in step 5.2
  6. Create a device template for the virtual fabric that connects each leaf switch.  Example "Bigswitch Virtual Fabric" or "Bigswitch Virtual Spine"
     6.1 Set the driver to use "L2 Emulated"
     6.2 Add a port group named "Virtual" (but don't add ports to the template)
  7. Create a device for each leaf switch in your system
    7.1 Set leaf switch properties as follows:
        7.1.1: Name: Same as name in Bigswtich controller
        7.1.2: Hostname  : must be same as device name.  Also must match switch name in Bigswitch controller
        7.1.4: Ports:  Must match port names in Bigswitch controller, of type "Network Port" added to the "Ethernet" port group.
  8. Create a device named "Bigswitch Virtual Fabric" or "Bigswitch Virtual Spine"
    8.1: Driver is "L2 Emulated"
    8.2: All other propoerties are not important ... or used in any way
    8.3: Add a port for each Leaf Switch named "virtual_1 - virtual_<n>" where n = number of leaf swtiches. Port type is "Virtual Shared"
    8.4: Connect each leaf switches' "virtual" port to the Virtual Fabric's port "virtual_<n>".
